okay it's a video on how to load a Java
file on to your CC t-type phone this is
an s 18 phone right here first thing you
want to do is go to your menu then go
down to the folder it looks like a
folder over here to the right Press that
that will bring up your file manager
java calculator zoom settings etc go
ahead to your file management go to
memory card and these are all the files
and folders that were set up on your
memory card you might have to make a
folder called Java that's what I did and
just dragged and dropped all my java
files to this particular file java files
or dot ji AR files so once you find a
compatible jar file just drag and drop
it to your java file and then what you
want to do is select the jar file and
then press install
and then just press yes and then go to
your memory card storage selection and
I'll say installed you want to watch the
java file we'll go ahead and say no and
then we'll go back to the homepage to go
back to that file that you just kept jar
file they just installed you could have
either ran it from when you installed it
but we're going to go back to the folder
icon here and then go to java once
you've installed it it'll be under your
java apps so we'll go to java and then
we'll select java and then we'll go down
it was the chest file that we installed
so we can access it through our Java
icon and then just press launch then it
will load then launch that file
it's about it we'll do it one more time
from your main menu go to menu go to the
folder go to file manager memory card
and then Java and go to your jar files
and then select one of your files press
install
and then just press yes yes
alright we'll go ahead and launch it
right here and press yes again
and there's your game file
then you just press your home key to
terminate it I will bring you back to
your main menu try to install a java
phone